people in the United States almost invariably speak English as their first
language and frequently because we live on a continent where at
least one border %HESITATION the other people speak English there too
a most Americans are not particularly bilingual or trilingual as
people are frequently in Europe %HESITATION so as you go around the
world doing various duty there is a need for language to understand
the language of the people with whom you working and your foes as well
%HESITATION so there are three groups of people who %HESITATION do
linguistic duty in the military to help out in the first or interpreters
and interpreters are people who just help a local commanding
officers in the face with the people of the local community so an interpreter
%HESITATION might for instance run around with a marine corps
captain and his company as they crossed the through %HESITATION
territory where the people speak a different language and be able to
translate for the captain when he needs to talk to natives when he
needs to find out where the enemy is or what he needs to warn the people
%HESITATION that they need to clear out of the area because there
is going to be a major but so that's an interpreter then you have
the interrogators and these are people who trained at a higher level
so that they can actually conversation we engage captured enemy and
other people might have intelligence and they also have on top of
their linguistic training %HESITATION very sophisticated of psychological
training so that they can trick the enemy and the divulging %HESITATION
secrets and then the level of %HESITATION cryptologic linguist
is even the higher still into the records even more extensive linguistic
training because the linguist needs to not only be able to
translate the material that has been collected and decrypted but he
also helps to hope the cryptanalyst %HESITATION understand the way
the language works and what kind of in coding and encryption might be
used of a lot of the encryption these days of course is the mechanically
and is not done %HESITATION in the piecemeal basis which would
not involve the linguist as much %HESITATION but still small level
codes require language to help out the cryptanalysts to break the codes